posts/2023/04/the-good-samaritan.md, before:

---
title: The Good Samaritan
description: Explore the deep-rooted faith of biblical prophets through the lens of the Hebrew Prophetic Perfect, a unique linguistic feature in scriptures.
date: 2023-04-22T02:34:47.361Z
updated:
language: en_US
---

## Christ as the Good Samaritan

This parable can be interpreted to be a symbol of Christ. The Samaritans were looked down on by the Jews of the time, just as they looked down on Christ. Just as the samaritan takes care of the wounded man on the path, Christ takes care of of us along our mortal path and heals our wounds. This relation can be further established as the samaritan puts oil and wine on the traveller's wounds in [[Luke 10.34]], an example of using [[Christ's First Miracle|Wine and olive oil as symbols of the blood of Christ]] to heal spiritual wounds.

## The Innkeeper

We can look at the innkeeper as a representation of those in leadership positions in the Church, especially those at local levels who have stewardship over other members. The Samaritan pays the innkeeper and charges him with caring for the wounded man and promises to pay any overage when he returns.

We have been given talents and blessings in order to carry out our charge of caring for other members. Sometimes these responsibilities will require us to make sacrifices, but the Lord will reward those sacrifices at his Second Coming.

Commit message:

remove bg (#1)
* remove bg

* remove border

* add back border

* update samaritan desc

posts/2023/04/the-good-samaritan.md, after:

---
title: The Good Samaritan
description: A look into the parable of the good Samaritan as a symbol of Christ.
date: 2023-04-22T02:34:47.361Z
updated:
language: en_US
---

## Christ as the Good Samaritan

This parable can be interpreted to be a symbol of Christ. The Samaritans were looked down on by the Jews of the time, just as they looked down on Christ. Just as the samaritan takes care of the wounded man on the path, Christ takes care of of us along our mortal path and heals our wounds. This relation can be further established as the samaritan puts oil and wine on the traveller's wounds in [[Luke 10.34]], an example of using [[Christ's First Miracle|Wine and olive oil as symbols of the blood of Christ]] to heal spiritual wounds.

## The Innkeeper

We can look at the innkeeper as a representation of those in leadership positions in the Church, especially those at local levels who have stewardship over other members. The Samaritan pays the innkeeper and charges him with caring for the wounded man and promises to pay any overage when he returns.

We have been given talents and blessings in order to carry out our charge of caring for other members. Sometimes these responsibilities will require us to make sacrifices, but the Lord will reward those sacrifices at his Second Coming.
